If you dare to threaten Sword Master, you will want to die
Who are you?
Lao Tzu came to Beidu Underground Emperor Kitchen Knife Gang to be crowned king
Hurry up and let the Jiang family head go
Why are you here to help the Sword Master out?
I am the sword lord
How dare you
Sword Lord is courting death
Ordinary people are afraid of your underground world
But I'm playing a war of terror
You're not good enough to shoot them
Stop
Knife stops bullets
A little skill
Lao Tzu kills alone from the south of the city to the north of the city
You need to say this
Too bad you're only in the middle world
Nothing compared to me
Hack them to death for me 3.
You say die
How old are you?
Who are you?
Didn't you ask me to come yourself?
Are you blind and don't know me?
You are the sword master, the sword master
The queen bee meets the sword pier
Meet Jiandun